feat: add HIP support to cmake using CUDA backend (#385)
Cambridge-ICCS/FTorch: CMakeLists.txt

# throughout source files.
set(GPU_DEVICE_NONE 0)
set(GPU_DEVICE_CUDA 1)

> set(GPU_DEVICE_HIP  1)  # NOTE: HIP is treated as CUDA in this project

Reviewer: For consistency and clarity (sorry, this was my addition)
```suggestion
set(GPU_DEVICE_HIP  1)  # NOTE: HIP is treated as CUDA in FTorch
```
